# Introduction Page Table of Contents - [Introduction](#introduction) - [The
Goal of this Guide](#the-goal-of-this-guide) - [Who is this Guide
for?](#who-is-this-guide-for) - [Topics that will be
covered](#topics-that-will-be-covered) - [References](#references) ## The Goal
of this Guide This guide aims to bridge the gap between the absolute Flutter
(Flutter Dev Team
[2018](#ref-flutterdevteamFlutterFramework2018)[a](#ref-flutterdevteamFlutterFramework2018))
basics and clean, structured Flutter development. It should bring you from the
basics of knowing how to build an app with Flutter to an understanding of how to
do it *properly*. Or at least show you one possible way to make large scale
Flutter projects clean and manageable. ## Who is this Guide for? For people with
a basic knowledge of the Flutter Framework. I recommend following this Flutter
team (Flutter Dev Team
[2018](#ref-flutterdevteamWriteYourFirst2018)[b](#ref-flutterdevteamWriteYourFirst2018)).
It will walk you through developing your first flutter application. You should
also have a basic understanding of the Dart programming language (Dart Team
[2019](#ref-dartteamDartProgrammingLanguage2019)[a](#ref-dartteamDartProgrammingLanguage2019)).
No worries, it is very similar to Java (Oracle [1996](#ref-oracleJavaJDK1996)),
Kotlin (Jet Brains [2017](#ref-jetbrainsKotlinSDK2017)) and JavaScript (ECMA
[1997](#ref-ecmaJavaScriptECMAStandard1997)). So if you know 1 or 2 of those
languages you should be fine. Lastly, for the Architecture chapter, you should
have a basic understanding of Data Streams (Dart Team
[2019](#ref-dartteamDartStreams2019)[b](#ref-dartteamDartStreams2019)). ##
Topics that will be covered - A brief introduction to the Flutter Framework in
general. How it works *under the hood* and its underlying structure. - One
possible architecture for your Flutter app and how to implement it (BLoC (Soares
[2018](#ref-soaresFlutterAngularDartCode2018))) - How to test your app - Some
conventions and best practices for Dart, BLoC and the Flutter Framework - My
personal opinion of the framework

<p align="right">
  <a
    href="https://github.com/Fasust/flutter-guide/wiki/100-The-Flutter-Framework"
    >Next Chapter: The Flutter Framework \></a
  >
</p>

<p align="center">
  <a href="#">Back to Top</a>
</p>

## References

<div id="refs" class="references">
  <div id="ref-dartteamDartProgrammingLanguage2019">
    Dart Team. 2019a. “Dart Programming Language.” Documentation. 2019.
    <https://dart.dev/>.
  </div>
  <div id="ref-dartteamDartStreams2019">
    ———. 2019b. “Dart Streams.” Documentation. 2019.
    <https://dart.dev/tutorials/language/streams>.
  </div>
  <div id="ref-ecmaJavaScriptECMAStandard1997">
    ECMA. 1997. *JavaScript ECMA Standard* (version 10). ECMA.
    <https://www.ecma-international.org/publications/standards/Ecma-262.htm>.
  </div>
  <div id="ref-flutterdevteamFlutterFramework2018">
    Flutter Dev Team. 2018a. *The Flutter Framework* (version 1.9). Google LLC.
    <https://flutter.dev/>.
  </div>
  <div id="ref-flutterdevteamWriteYourFirst2018">
    ———. 2018b. “Write Your First Flutter App.” Guide. 2018.
    <https://flutter.dev/docs/get-started/codelab>.
  </div>
  <div id="ref-jetbrainsKotlinSDK2017">
    Jet Brains. 2017. *Kotlin SDK* (version 1.3). Jet Brains.
    <https://kotlinlang.org/>.
  </div>
  <div id="ref-oracleJavaJDK1996">
    Oracle. 1996. *Java JDK* (version 8). Oracle.
    <https://www.oracle.com/technetwork/java/javase/downloads/jdk8-downloads-2133151.html>.
  </div>
  <div id="ref-soaresFlutterAngularDartCode2018">
    Soares, Paolo. 2018. “Flutter / AngularDart – Code Sharing, Better
    Together.” Conference Talk presented at the DartConf 2018, Google Campus,
    LA, January 25. <https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PLHln7wHgPE>.
  </div>
</div>
